I look I never seen any of these movies
but I felt that I should experience at
least one of them in theaters before you
know they leave to just give them the
benefit of the doubt so I went to a
theater brought my Lysol disinfected
I brought some seat covers down like
half a bottle of captains and let me
tell you
oh it's trash but it's that streamit
trash that legit has you laughing
throughout while the rest of the theater
is completely filled with estrogen so
let me explain the movies called Fifty
Shades freed but it starts off with them
getting married which is like the
complete opposite I'm aware that in the
first one she works for him and then he
offers her a contract to really work for
him since this dude's got a sex dungeon
this man's like the rich Ted Bundy with
his fetishes and I know that in the
second one I believe they bring up that
he was in a foster home and that there
was a lady who really just gave him this
crazy sexual awakening that's so tense
people like Anastasia are actually
saviors to the world because if she
wasn't there to quench his crazy desires
who knows what this man might be capable
of that's like literally brought up at
one point in this franchise by the way
they're married and Henry Cavill jr.
over here hates it that his wife doesn't
listen to him but at the same time it
kind of like turns him on
there's that weird couple that text each
other even though they're literally
physically touching each other both of
them get more jelly than Paddington the
bear and I'll say this I get why women
go crazy for this dude you know - and
being a serial killer
this dude practically has the cheat
codes to life since he's so freakin rich
like if he messes up any mistake that he
does he can literally buy his girl a
house and everything will be okay we
normal dudes can't do that that being
said they're out here lurking like Drake
since they are so rich that they got a
lot of enemies there's that dude from
the last movie who's still creepin on
them and he's lurking around hacking
their information
Anastacia for whatever reason still
decides the cheap and wants to go to
work and when she shows up you can taste
the mort's insults that her jealous
employees have the moment they walk in
to notify her that she has a promotion
for doing absolutely nothing they even
find themselves at a certain points and
a horribly greenscreen card chase that
you
think would put them on edge and have
them be super shook but instead it just
makes them super horny they end up doing
it in parking lots they're smashing on
the beach they're smashing on the
kitchen table while there's guests
literally upstairs they're smashing so
much that Nigel Thornberry would be
embarrassed and with so much smashing
there's no doubt she gets pregnant I
mean it's it's maths my dudes I'd also
like to add that this being you know my
first experience with these movies I
really didn't think that the acting was
not going to be there like you know in
video games were you interact with other
characters and there's that stiff kind
of awkward delay thingy
yeah that's these guys it's like a live
action movie but it also feels like
stop-motion at the same time they
address each other like Jacob Trembley
does his inanimate objects in his room I
mean there's literally scenes where my
dude over here forgets his American
accent and starts speaking like the luck
of the Irish for some reason he's just
their fairy anyways lucky charms over
here hates the fact that he didn't pull
out in time and so the both of them
decided to stop talking to each other
which is the best acting in the movie
this however allows for that creeper
dude from the last movie to kidnap the
sister-in-law because no one was
watching her he reveals that he
blackmailed a salty co-worker and that's
why she's helping out and he demands
that Anastasia give him five million
dollars for ruining his life at this
point I thought for one second that
Anastasia was actually going to dress up
in her bondage outfit go out and save
the day but then they wouldn't be able
to play this on freeform and sad she
goes out Christian tracks her phone they
arrest the guy and realize that he was
in the same exact foster home that
Christian was growing up you know he
just conveniently forgot about that so
we can have this plot they have this
fake deep discussion about well what if
he wasn't picked and kind of make him
feel better by saying that Christians
clear advantages weren't what got him
ahead in life but instead it was his
personality and that's why they're able
to have this great big happy family
however I think there's a bigger message
that these movies all three of them have
been pushing that's undeniably sad
if you're hot I didn't consider
harassment thank you guys for checking
out this video I know that some people
adore this franchise other people's hate
it all that people love to hate it
because they know they're going to get
paid talking about it other than that
I'm curious to know you guys thoughts
about it whether you liked it whether
you didn't we can discuss it down below
in the comment section and don't forget
to comment like and subscribe and I will
send you that apartments.com link that
comes with the bondage room